(Lee Je Hoon)
(Jang Hyuk Jin. Bae Yoo
Ram. Kim Eui Sung. Pyo Ye Jin)
(Taxi Driver 3)
(The names of characters.
regions. agencies.
organizations. and
other titles are fictitious.)
(The scenes with child
actors and animals are
compliant with the production guidelines.)
(Episode 3)
Turning the water on now.
Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
By the way. why does it feel
like I'm cleaning alone?
It's because you're too selfish.
- Selfish?
- Yes.
Me? Where are you. by the way?
I'm inside your heart. man.
Do you know what delicate touch
this thing needs?
Mr. Park. did you sell the van
you used to drive?
Huh? We haven't sold it yet.
Why not? Are you not done fixing it?
We finished that a long time ago.
But it's not easy saying goodbye
now that we're trying to sell it.
Right. I feel the same.
So. will you keep it?
- No. we should sell it.
- Right?
I told you to sell it forever ago.
Mr. Kim. just one sec.
Sell it this week. okay?
Or. we have to get the
insurance again. Okay?
Yes. Hyungnim. We
might as well just sell it.
Okay. I'll register it now.
Are you coming in or leaving?
I'll give you a ride either way.
All right. Sounds good.
(Sell My Car: Register)
(Listing registered)
Registered.
I'll turn the water on now.
Wow. how satisfying.
The Russian Embassy.
Seosomun-dong. Jung-gu.
It's probably in Jeong-dong.
Yes. it's in Jeong-dong.
Seosomun-dong. Jeong-dong. and Seosomun-ro.
It's too confusing.
Seosomun-dong has Seosomun-ro.
Sejong-daero. and Deoksugung-gil.
Seosomun-dong has Seo. Se. Deok.
Seo. Seo. Se. Deok.
Next. You lose your license if you lend it.
Return to the transportation business.
The assignee does the transfer.
Return. transport.
Assignee. transfer. R-T-A-T.
I just need to memorize this.
(Safe Roads for Korea - Stay Safe. Go)
Thank you. Mr. Kim.
Seo. Seo. Se. Deok.
Return. transport. Assignee. transfer.
(2025 Taxi Driver Test. Result Search)
(Korea Transportation Safety Authority.
Examination Center)
Mr. Kim. you were still here?
Yes. I was waiting to congratulate you.
How can you say that after seeing me now?
You seem thrilled right now.
Thrilled. my foot. Well...
this is nothing.
(Taxi Driver's License)
I would've gotten 90 percent
if I got one more answer right.
I wasn't sure if the German Embassy
was in Jung-gu or Jongno-gu.
Here.
It's a gift for passing the test.
- What is it?
- Since you got the license.
you need a taxi. too.
Taxi...
When did you prepare this?
You didn't know I was
taking the test today.
I was going to play ignorant
if you didn't pass.
It's so cute.
Thank you.
Well. then.
I'll drive. Get in.
You're my first guest as a taxi driver.
Where should I take you to?
I'm not sure.
Don't you have somewhere you want to go?
How far can you go?
Until I run out of gas?
Sounds good.
(Taxi Driver 3)
(Rainbow Transportation Service)
Last week. near the
Gangnam Station in Seoul.
a vehicle had charged in out of nowhere.
A woman in her 30s passing by was run over.
resulting in fractures to both of her legs.
Mr. Oh?
Here. Have some tea.
How does it feel?
You drove for us your whole life.
but you're independent now.
It's still driving a taxi after all.
Let's see...
Is Ji Eun graduating
from college this year?
Yes.
She's busy preparing
for the civil servant exam.
Well...
Feel free to talk to me.
The thing is.
could I borrow some money?
About three million won.
But I won't be able to pay back quickly.
I won't need it back urgently.
Pay it back when you can.
Thank you. Mr. Jang.
I can send it to the bank account
I used to pay you with. right?
I'd prefer it if you gave me cash instead.
- Cash?
- Gosh...
I'm embarrassed
to suddenly show up and ask this.
No. please don't say that.
I'll get cash as soon
as the bank opens tomorrow.
I took too much of your
precious time. I'll leave now.
Why don't you have
dinner with me. at least?
I'm meeting someone. I'll go.
- Don't come out.
- Wait...
Yes. yes. I can be there in 10 minutes.
Yes. The driving fee is 30.000 won.
Basement parking lot. level 3. correct?
Yes. I'm on my way now.
I'll be there shortly.
Yes. Please wait just a bit. Thank you.
There's a scratch on the front bumper.
Gosh. our dealer has great eyesight.
I can see it. too.
But calling it a scratch is
a bit of an exaggeration.
How should I say? It's like a tiny flaw.
I see a lot of screw holes.
You must've customized it.
Yes. To fit many communication devices-
It means it's very versatile.
The paint finish looks relatively clean.
It's basically brand new.
Yes. It's new.
Since there was a
major accident. we totally-
He's such a careful driver.
Looked like you were in a few accidents.
Yes. They were nothing but minor accidents.
I don't even remember.
Was it scratched slightly?
What are you saying?
We spent tons on repair-
You don't know how carefully he drives.
He's so sensitive.
Come on. We can't hide these things.
Be considerate of the next owner.
You bastard. I just can't argue with you.
But even you won't be able to deny this.
Dealer. if you buy this car now.
you'll be buying our fond memories.
That's true. We spent many special
moments with this car.
Okay.
Fond memories. How nice.
We'll add a million won for the
memories and buy it for 11 million.
Wow...
Lastly. I'll circle
around for a test drive.
- Okay. Take your time.
- See you.
It feels weird to finally let it go.
I know. We must've grown attached to it.
Why won't he come back?
I know.
He's taking way too long.
Section Chief Go Deok Su.
He said he'll circle around.
Did he mean the entire Seoul?
Let's call him.
I told you earlier. His phone is off.
Do we have to keep waiting. then?
He'll come.
He probably can't answer
because he's driving.
Let's wait a bit longer.
Okay.
(Taxi Driver's License)
Geez Louise! Seriously.
Couldn't you make a noise?
Come on. Go Eun.
Do something about it for us.
We waited there all night.
but he never showed up.
He planned to do this from the beginning.
Just call him.
We called him already.
We took turns and called nonstop.
But we can't reach him at all.
It was 100% a scam.
We need to catch that bastard.
That's why I'm telling you
to call the police.
The police are far away.
and you're right here.
I'll get far away from you
since I'm very busy.
Don't come. Don't come.
We sold it quickly because you told us to.
Are you saying it's my fault?
What's all the commotion? What's going on?
They sold the car to a wrong person.
and they want me to find him.
Wrong person?
You have no idea. We waited all night.
and we came back because it rained.
The used car dealer
wanted to test drive it. but-
Hold on. Hold on.
Yes. Mr. Oh. I was waiting for your call.
I don't think I need to borrow money.
- Pardon?
- I'm sorry for making you worry.
You must be busy. I'll hang up now.
Mr. Oh.
Go Eun. you know Mr. Oh. right?
Find his home address and text it to me.
- Okay.
- But...
- G-Go Eun...
- Go dry yourself. Geez.
Looks like Mr. Jang is leaving.
What do we do?
Should we wait for him?
He told us to wait a bit. Let's wait.
- You were home. Ji Eun.
- Hello.
Is your mother home?
She's sleeping because she's
coming down with the flu.
- Come on in.
- Okay.
Mr. Oh got into an accident while
providing designated driver service?
He fractured his wrist.
He's hospitalized after surgery.
Well. his taxi business was going well.
I found out he was working as a designated
driver because of the accident.
Gosh.
And...
I found this in his drawer.
Hey.
This is a divorce paper.
I'm not sure what exactly Dad is thinking.
I asked him. but he won't answer.
Which hospital is he at right now?
Mr. Oh?
Mr. Oh!
Mr. Oh. hold on!
Mr. Oh.
I don't know what happened.
but we need to talk.
There's no other way.
I need to die now to end it all.
End what. exactly?
What about the people left behind?
The pain you're experiencing now.
The people remaining will have
to reap the whirlwind.
They'll have to bear the burden
for the rest of their lives.
Are you okay with that?
Come here.
I'll help you.
Please?
There's nothing I can do anymore.
That's not true!
There definitely are solutions.
There are so many things
you can still do. Okay?
I...
I fell victim to those bastards.
but there's no way out.
Please.
Please take my hand.
Please?
It's okay.
Tell me everything that happened.
Everything.
You brought all the correct documents.
But the thing is...
What is it? Do you not like the price?
I do. It's just much
cheaper than I expected.
Is it a problem that it's cheap?
I'm sorry if I came across that way.
The current market price
of Seoul Taxi Number is
115 to 125 million won. roughly.
The license we're selling now was
offered to us urgently due to the
current license holder's health issue.
That's why we put it on the market
with a 25% discount.
You were the first person
to call us about it.
I was checking out the listings.
and I saw a new post that popped up.
So. I thought I should seize the chance-
I have another appointment.
I understand you're canceling the purchase.
I'll call the next customer immediately.
No. no. I'm not canceling.
Not at all.
The owner wants to receive cash today.
It'd be our loss to waste time.
Okay. Got it.
I'll sign the agreement.
- Mr. Yang.
- Yes.
I checked the paperwork.
Proceed with the sale.
Okay.
- Are you there. Ms. Yu?
- Yes. sir.
Bring out the taxi outside the
showroom so it can exit easily.
Okay. Got it.
I'm sorry. I have to go.
I have a tight schedule today.
It's okay. I took up too much of your time.
I'm sorry.
Sign him up for a cash back service. too.
Okay.
The section chief will explain everything.
You can sign afterward. All right. then.
Okay.
Good day. sir.
Nice to meet you.
I'll help you with the signing.
By the way. he's Mr. Cha Byeong Jin. right?
Yes. He's the owner.
That's real. right?
Gosh. of course.
He indeed is a lawyer
who passed the bar exam.
Oh. really?
He runs this showroom himself
because he just loves cars.
He's a car fanatic.
I find him trustworthy since he's a lawyer.
Have a seat.
Okay. then. Should I explain the
cash back agreement to you?
Cash back?
If we sell way lower than the market price.
we'll be disrupting the market
for the other businesses.
So. we'll register the price
at the market price
and pay you back 800.000 won
to your account each month.
Oh. I see.
I put the independent taxi
in front of the door.
Congratulations.
Wow. what a nice taxi.
We also buy.
Recommend us to taxi drivers
who want to sell their used vehicles.
Of course. Thank you.
We should thank you.
Let's finish this up. then.
- Okay.
- Here you go.
(Certificate)
He is a lawyer.
Why would a lawyer sell used cars?
He's been disbarred.
He killed someone in a DUI hit-and-run.
He only served six years in prison.
He was disbarred.
but he proudly displayed it.
He must still be very proud.
But wait. there's something
I'm curious about.
Mr. Oh qualifies to
get an independent taxi.
Why did he have to buy it
at such a high cost?
There's a regulation for that.
They only allow a certain number
of independent taxi drivers.
You can only get a new license
if someone returns theirs.
Rather than waiting for their turn blindly.
people usually inherit
someone else's license.
But after putting a huge
investment into the license.
it got canceled overnight
after working with it briefly.
- Canceled?
- Why?
Hold on. Honey.
You forgot your lunch.
I cooked bone broth for your knee pain.
Make sure to finish it all.
Wow. I'll have it
right after my first customer.
See you later.
You'll get hungry too quickly. then.
Have it for lunch. okay?
- Ji Eun. watch out for cars.
- Okay.
I thought you'd catch a break as
an independent driver. But you don't.
You should be free from student
loans before you graduate
so you could focus on the exam.
People study civil servant exams
for a long time these days.
I'll pass at once. Dad. Don't worry.
Get going. See you later.
- Right. Dad.
- Yes?
Be S.T.
Huh?
Be safe today. See you.
Be safe today.
Be S.T.?
What are you doing over there?
Are you the owner of the taxi?
Yes. I'm the independent taxi owner.
What are you doing to my car right now?
According to the Transportation
Service Act Article 24. Clause 3.
your license was canceled.
Pardon? Canceled?
It looks like you've been punished
for a DUI accident.
I was?
I think you're mistaken.
I don't drink at all.
And what accident?
We don't know the details since
we're only following an order.
We'll confiscate the license plate first.
Gosh. don't do this! I've never done that.
Don't yell at us.
Check with those you
bought the license from.
(Notice of Administrative Disposition)
Just like that overnight.
they took away my independent taxi license.
Would you like to get in the car. sir?
Hey. you. You know me. right?
You deceived me on purpose. didn't you?
Deceive you? What do you mean?
Let's go over there.
What's wrong?
The previous owner had a DUI accident.
They took my license plate away.
Did that really happen?
We were asked to sell the license quickly.
All we did was sell it
to you as a middleman.
You know.
Stop lying.
You knew everything.
Do you think we're fortunetellers?
I'll report you to the police.
Just wait and see.
I'll report you for everything!
Gosh.
Go ahead.
Call the police.
Okay?
Stop disrupting our business.
Sir.
He comes by sometimes
and says weird things.
(Joint Civil Complaint Center)
Yes. I understand what you mean.
We don't know what to do. either.
What do you mean?
Even though the license
was transferred to you.
it should be canceled
in accordance with the law.
The previous owner is the one who drank.
All I did was buy the license.
Why should my license be canceled?
How is this fair?
I understand your frustration.
but that's the current law.
I'm sorry.
Is that all you can say?
What am I supposed to do now?
Who should I talk to about this?
Consult the relevant government agencies.
I know you're in a hurry. but if you drive
without a license plate like that.
you might get punished for it.
Hello. I was suddenly told that
my taxi license was canceled.
We can't help you here.
Please go to the 7th floor.
Pardon? The 7th floor?
Next. please.
Well. thank you.
There's nothing we can do
since we follow the law.
Everyone says they can't do anything.
Who am I supposed to talk to. exactly?
I think you should go
to the police station.
That's where I came from just now.
You could file a lawsuit
if you find it unjust.
Sir. stop saying you can't help.
Help me just once. Please?
Have you talked to the previous owner?
The previous owner?
The previous owner was in jail for DUI.
He said he was penniless.
I didn't even get to ask for money.
Yes. hello?
Did you have many customers today. Honey?
Well. today...
Right. How was the bone broth?
You finished it all. right?
Yes. It was delicious.
Of course. I made it.
Drive safely. See you at home.
Okay. See you later.
Gosh. What do I do?
How could they all be like this?
How?
But isn't this too unfair?
Why should Mr. Oh be punished
for what the previous owner did?
The current law says that if an
independent taxi driver commits DUI.
the license gets canceled.
Looks like the broker bought the license
that was about to be canceled cheaply
and sold it to Mr. Oh.
But that's a scam.
All they have to say
is that they didn't know.
What?
The previous owner. The broker.
The civil servants. The police.
Mr. Oh was standing outside
all of their boundaries.
They found a loophole in the law
and used those boundaries.
But Mr. Oh tried his best not to give up.
Why did he end up on the rooftop. then?
Because that wasn't the end of it.
Sir. we're here.
Yes. Designated driver service.
Yes. I'm nearby.
It will take about 10 minutes.
Yes. I'll be right there. Thank you.
Sir. here's the key.
Thank you.
Yes. Designated driver service.
Yes. I'm calling
from Noblesse Trading Company.
What's this about?
I'm calling to give you the quote
for the repair of your car.
What are you talking about?
It was a minor accident.
but since it's an
expensive imported vehicle.
it will cost 40 million won.
Imported vehicle? What
are you talking about?
I'll hang up since I gave you the quote.
What are you doing right now?
What are you doing?
Forget this!
You think I'd fall for
stuff like this again?
This is why I sign agreements.
Because of people like you.
I know.
See how he's playing ignorant.
If we didn't send the monthly usage fee.
we would've completely fallen victim.
Don't you remember?
You received the 800.000 won
we sent every month.
- You said that was a cash back-
- Sir!
We told you that the
imported car registered
in your name was in an accident.
Thankfully. the shop we know well
repaired it.
That's why it only cost 40 million won.
(Clause 3 - Obligation to cooperate
in providing the title)
This is your legal seal. right?
When did you show me this?
You only showed me the last page.
If you want to insist
you only saw the last page.
apply your seal on each page next time.
Then. we might believe you.
It was you bastards.
Now. What about the 40 million
for the repair?
Will you pay in cash?
Credit?
You even displayed the fake certificate.
You scam artists.
Fake?
- It's not fake.
- Let go!
You're going too far.
You guys planned all of this.
All of it!
Gosh. I took time to explain everything.
Come on now! Seriously.
Come on.
Enough. Bring him here.
Have you visited the government office?
What did the police say?
Did any of them defend you?
Let's say I planned everything as you said.
If so.
what else can you do?
Everything was done
according to the procedure.
If no one defended you.
it means you're in the wrong.
And...
that certificate is real.
I keep thinking about it.
but I don't know where things went wrong.
I don't know what I did wrong and when.
I have no idea.
Mr. Oh fell into the trap they set
from the beginning.
He tried to get out of it.
but he didn't see how he could.
He must've gone through so much alone.
What do we do with those bastards?
Since they followed the procedure.
we should do the same.
(The DUI hit-and-run culprit
turns out to be an attorney)
(Game Taxi Driver)
Hello. Thank you for coming
to Rainbow Premium Taxi Service.
I'll tell you a few points to remember
for your safety and convenience.
While we're working on your case.
the taxi meter will be left turned on.
As for the taxi fare.
after the case is closed.
it will be settled at a later time.
Depending on the situation.
there may be an extra charge.
After using the taxi.
you may not mention matters
relevant to Rainbow Premium
Taxi Service to others.
We ask you to keep that in mind.
If you wish to commission us.
press the blue button on the left.
And if you wish not to. press the
red button on the right.
Please pick one now.
According to the Transportation
Service Act Article 24. Clause 3.
your license was canceled.
See you.
I know you're in a hurry. but if you drive
without a license plate like that.
you might get punished for it.
Help me just once. Please?
If no one defended you.
it means you're in the wrong.
(24-Ma-5283)
This is much better looking than you.
- You-
- What are you doing?
- Aren't we leaving?
- Coming.
Let's go.
Noblesse Trading Company.
(Noblesse Trading Company)
They do all kinds of brokerage
jobs related to cars.
Their main focus is buying used cars.
What's the company's fund structure?
Their buildings are being used
as collateral for a loan.
The showroom vehicles are owned
by a bank for inventory financing. too.
He's running a large buy-and-sell business
without spending his own money.
He wouldn't suffer a loss even
if things went wrong.
He's so smart.
It would've been nice to use his smart
brain on something good.
You'll visit the showroom first. right?
I should.
I'll check where the imported car
registered under Mr. Oh's name is.
Okay.
Noblesse Trading Company.
Noblesse?
What?
It's nothing. Let's go for now.
(Noblesse)
That sign that says
Noblesse looks so familiar.
I guess it feels familiar
to me. too. somehow.
It's like vague nostalgia.
I feel that way. too.
I thought you knew something.
Huh?
Lastly. I'll circle
around for a test drive.
- Huh?
- What is it. Hyungnim?
What is it now?
You're dead. you bastard.
Where are you going all of a sudden?
What's wrong?
Hyungnim!
Yes. Yes.
What? What? What? What?
The car thief... The car thief...
What do we do. Mr. Kim?
I'm not sure. What do we do?
Hey!
Are you here to check out a car?
Don't you know me?
I'm not sure. Who are you?
What about this car?
Do you still not know me?
You're the one who sold me fond memories.
You said you'd circle around
for a test drive.
But you ran away!
Pay me the balance.
Or give me back this car.
What balance?
Oh-ho? You're playing ignorant?
I took the car according to the agreement.
Why do you say I'm playing ignorant?
What? According to the agreement?
The car died during the test drive.
The engine was broken.
The repair quote was 10 million.
So. I deducted 10 million according
to the agreement-
- Don't lie!
- Do you have evidence?
I'm the evidence. bastard!
I repaired it myself!
What are you doing?
That's enough.
What's all the fuss?
He's insisting I pay him out of the blue.
You're blaming me?
You can't turn this on me!
Mr. Choi. help the customer out.
Who's Mr. Choi? What...
Wow. What...
Excuse me. are you a Choi?
Which Choi family? I'm a Choi. too.
Huh? What's this?
You acted as if you'd do something big.
It could've been really bad...
My back. My back.
No one from the Choi
family is that violent.
He must be a Choi from the Silla era.
I located the imported car
under Mr. Oh's name.
Where is it?
It's not too far away.
Should I go there first?
They hit someone with this car. by the way.
Wow.
Do you know how much it costs
to rent a car like that a month?
- Three million?
- Come on. It's imported.
Four million.
Fifteen million.
How much? Fifteen million?
If that's the market price.
they must be charging a lot more
for that one.
- Why?
- If it's rented under Mr. Oh's name.
it's obvious what kind of person
the client is.
What kind of person?
Someone who can't rent under his name.
Either a criminal or will become one soon.
One or the other.
We should cancel Mr. Oh's contract
before something worse happens.
Let's go. my baby!
I should confiscate that car first.
(No cars allowed: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.)
So much traffic.
- Should we party?
- Deal.
Okay. let's go!
♪ Ring. ring. get out of the way ♪
Don't get scared. We didn't hit them.
- Floor it.
- Move it!
♪ Ring. ring. get out of the way ♪
How brave.
♪ I can run over people here ♪
♪ Ring. ring ♪
Why aren't those punks moving?
Let's go!
Is it okay? Shouldn't we move?
I'm sure they'll drive around us.
My gosh!
Are you okay?
You can't actually hit him.
Hold on. Hold on. I'll take care of it.
You crazy bastard!
Gosh. my neck. My neck is killing me.
What do we do now?
My car was scratched.
Young man. are you rich?
It costs 10 million for a paint job.
- Let's go.
- I asked if you're rich. you bastard!
I-I'm sorry.
What are you looking at. you bastard?
- Gosh.
- Get lost!
Let's go!
Follow the traffic signals.
Gosh. You've got to be kidding me.
Granny! Are you deaf?
Move to the side! To the side!
Hey. she can't hear you.
Granny! Walk faster from now on.
This is for you.
Pick it up. okay?
Bye!
What's this?
Hold on. Hey. hold on.
Hold on right there.
Just a moment. Hold on.
Who's that bastard?
Hey. taxi. move the car.
Move the car. Taxi.
Did you park here?
You must be busy.
There's a 500-won coin. Is that yours?
Now's the time.
Whoa! How fun.
This is fun.
Let's see. Here comes the second
punch. Try blocking it.
You bastard! Bastard!
How fun! So fun!
Where are you going? Where are you going?
Hey. are you running away? Try it.
What's this? Huh?
We got you. bastards.
Come out. you son of a bitch!
What a poser.
You bastard. Do you know who we are?
You bastard.
You carry that to kill.
not to threaten people.
You think we're here to save people?
It's too late to run. you bastard.
- I agree with you.
- Die!
He's really going at them.
Don't come closer. bastard!
Let's go take care of the rest.
(Vehicle Registration)
(Lease agreement)
(Customer: Oh Man Su)
(Lease agreement: Oh Man Su)
Looks undamaged. thankfully.
Let's cancel the lease immediately.
Yes. Got it.
We won't be able to cancel.
This car is being leased
under Mr. Oh's name.
But we can't get an early termination.
What do we do. then?
The lease needs to be transferred
to someone else
or use it until the contract expires.
There's no other solution?
No.
What now? We found the car.
but the payments still need to be made.
We need to get more money
from those bastards. then.
Pick a car for me.
A car?
Since we got Mr. Oh's car back.
I'll buy the car I need.
You'll buy a car? From Noblesse?
I'll go and buy what
you pick for me. Go Eun.
All right. I'll choose one
that's perfect for you.
Hello.
Is there a model you're looking for?
It will be my first car. So. I don't
know what's good yet.
I want something sturdy and safe.
Are you an office worker?
Yes. I recently got a
job at a small factory.
Gosh. congratulations.
Are you married?
- Yes.
- Any children?
My wife is seven months pregnant.
Hallelujah. So many things to celebrate.
- Double congratulations. My gosh.
- Thank you.
Because of the baby.
I thought I needed
to get a loan for a new car-
I'm glad you're here.
There isn't much difference
between new and used. Look.
Gosh. Seriously.
You need it quickly if she's
seven months pregnant.
- Yes. She needs it to see her doctor-
- Okay!
To go to work and to the hospital.
And go on a family outing later. too.
in your first car.
It's all here.
Let's go. There are sturdy and
safe ones over there.
We have one sturdy one left.
What are you talking about?
The car was taken?
By whom?
What? A taxi driver?
Hey. you want the car.
but you don't want to pay?
Bring in the car when I'm asking nicely.
Or I'll put you in jail
for aggravated theft.
Don't drive the car
if you can't afford it. Thugs.
Sir. Mr. Yang found a pushover.
- What about the contract?
- He's signing inside.
Gosh. thank you.
Thank you so much
for recommending a good car.
Not at all. I should thank you.
I'll send the contract fee today.
So. will you pay the residual value
of 20 million won in cash?
R-Residual value?
Don't you know what residual value is?
I'm not sure what you mean.
The contract doesn't mention that.
Geez. I forgot one page. Damn it.
Ta-da.
It says. "separate payment" right here.
(20 million won)
What kind of contract is this?
Do you think I'm a joke?
I'm not buying the car.
You bastard!
I took time to explain
everything so nicely.
You say you aren't going to buy?
Don't do it. then.
Gosh. how much was it?
Pay the 20 million won
for cancellation. then.
What?
You're a scam artist. aren't you?
I'm not buying.
Come on. How can you say that to me?
A scam artist?
What are you saying?
Who do you think I am?
I'm not a scam artist.
I'm glad you came. You're the owner. right?
You display a fake attorney
certificate on the wall.
What is this. if not a scam?
No. That's a real certificate.
Hey. you're in trouble now.
I'll report all of you to the police.
False accusation and slander?
They're terrible offenses.
My employee explained everything.
You should've asked a question
if you didn't understand.
You'll call the police?
Come here. Mr. Go.
Stand straight.
Clench your teeth.
Okay. Done.
File a report with the police
along with a doctor's note.
- Make a statement for him. Mr. Yang.
- Got it.
Pay a few million in fines
for a two-sided assault.
Got it. sir.
Fuck.
But Mr. Go earns a
higher salary than you do.
Compensation for loss of salary
will cost as much as that car.
When did I hit him?
You hit him.
You married someone nice.
You'll have a baby soon. too.
Seeing your address.
it's a nice neighborhood. but there
must be a lot of car accidents.
I'm worried about your wife
and the baby in her womb.
Spare us. Spare us...
Spare us.
Spare us...
What are you saying?
I'm just a car salesman.
Spare us.
S-Sir...
And...
(Certificate)
That's real.
You bastard.
Are you okay? Gosh. how heartbreaking.
You forgot your gift.
It's for the baby who will be born soon.
Take it. Say thank you and take it.
So cute.
The car is here. The car is here.
It's here. Wake up. Open the door. man.
Sir. take your key.
Take it. Take it.
- Take it.
- Take it. you bastard.
Take it. you bastard.
Stop! Stop!
Did he hit it?
Are you all okay?
No one's injured. right?
I heard people yelling. "Hit it."
So. I ended up hitting
it without realizing.
Did your car get scratched?
No. no. stop.
- Hot!
- Gosh. what do we do?
Move! Move!
Hey. hey. hey! Move. move!
Geez! Move. move. move!
- Are you the signer?
- Yes.
I'm sorry. I think I ruined your contract.
The contract is invalid now.
Invalid.
O-Okay.
I'm backing out of the contract.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Don't go. No. man! Stop!
I'm sorry. it's my fault.
Move.
I'm not such an irresponsible person.
Okay! Move. I said!
I'll take full responsibility.
- That's enough.
- Pardon?
The contract was canceled because of you.
Well. yes.
Our display car was scratched. too.
How will you compensate us?
Well. if so...
I'll buy it.
I'll pay you for the repair. too.
Of course. I should.
Nice.
Receive the customer here.
Okay.
I'm the dealer. Go Deok
Su. Nice to meet you.
Yes. nice to meet you.
Wow. I love your outfit.
It's a new line. It's new.
How much is that car. by the way?
Mr. Kim. how's your new used car?
I think I paid too much.
Mr. Kim.
I think I paid more than I should have.
Is something wrong?
Mr. Kim. can you hear me?
Mr. Kim!
♪ When looking for a
ray of light in the dark ♪
♪ When falling over and
over again in despair ♪
♪ Don't carry the burden alone ♪
♪ Before you feel discouraged ♪
♪ Just call my name before it's too late ♪
♪ You can't get back up.
no matter how hard you try ♪
♪ There's always a way to survive ♪
You want to go home. right?
Do a job with me. then.
I'm here to buy a car.
I need to get 100 cars quickly.
He's buying used cars
with an auto transport.
I wonder what those bastards think of me.
Gosh. I can't tell
why this bastard is doing this.
Did you approach me
to scam me from the get-go?
Gather all of our guys.
You messed with the wrong person.
- Mr. Choi.
- What about our Mr. Kim?
Mr. Kim.
♪ I'll be your driver ♪